Format C++ code (#831)
numba/llvmlite: docs/source/contributing.rst

------------------

* All Python code should follow `PEP 8 <https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/>`_.

> * Our C++ code is formatted with `clang-format-13` from the `conda-forge` channel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All C++ code is formatted using ``clang-format-13`` from the
  ``clang-format-13`` package available in the ``conda-forge`` conda channel.
```
